my husband is singing and wants to dance to
fake news! everyone knows the den fathers are responsible for cookie sales numbers.
my husband is a nurse. got a job in
fwiw my husband is an artist so when i see
good laugh at this. source good friends dad is a filipino nurse.
my husband is an artist he goes through the
my best friends boyfriend is an antivaxxer nurse. i feel so
your telling me. my husband is a nurse in a hospital about2
are you single? my husband is terrible at sewing.
my husband is a nurse and works nights. im
stop reading it in charlies voice. the boy is clearly the waitress.
post because im from ethiopia and my dad is still using this cookie container as
my boyfriend is a waitress can confirm. he always
nta. boy is overreacting for drama.
my boyfriend is shit at cooking though.. i taught
a weird musical dance number where the boy is a football
sell that art! your husband is amazing!
ok pops take your medicine. this nice gentleman is the nurse and shes here to
ua gfy  mfw you realize your husband is cooking on a southern plantation instead
husband is a nurse. they refer to motorbikes
thankful for her hard work!! my dad is a travel icu nurse as well
and his boyfriend is the waitress michael scott brings back
the usual cleaning gentleman is probably used to the various forms
yeah in nc shagging your brother is the state dance.
thats clearly a lie my dad is a terrible cook.
my nephew is a nurse with a job in
my boyfriend is such a bad cook that all
haha looks like the blonde boy is doing the egyptian dance in that
the dad is a drama queen too and is
omg squirmy and grubs! strangers assume my boyfriend is my nurse was amazing! i love
my brother is an art student and made prints
sounds like the uncle is in love with drama. you are
my husband is a nurse. i dont like this
dance dad is the best. profits of her kids
are copycats. copied every line from shakespeare. dad is a prof of english and dat
it taste amazing. my husband is a great cook.
my grandfather is a nurse and believes blood is
be messy during the time when the dad is cleaning their assholes its not like
the wolf from pulp fiction knew. jimmys husband is a nurse. gotta clean that shit
make pennies? dude my boyfriend is a nurse in canada and her
and my grandfather lives with her. my grandfather is and literally cannot cook for herself.
yeah its pretty cool. my dad is really talented with sewing. we made
im a cpa and my husband is a nurse practitioner. both of us
dresses?? this is a non-problem that the groom is turning into unnecessary drama. get your
boner when i come home and my husband is cooking dinner and has the house
you spam it here as well? my boyfriend is lactose intolerant and loves cooking so
popeyes annie sure the little redheaded white boy is the best cook!
your brother is a drama queen. downvote me all
a drama goldmine. i think the term boy is more fitting for you.
of a drama queen to boot. month boyfriend is still like. testing the waters level
well marty is fucked now that college boy is the new head nurse.
plan to spend the 2 m. my dad is not a good cook.
to be fair mitchs husband is extremely qualified to be secretary of
my husband is a nurse and some of her
dude your boyfriend is amazing at art! i wish i
my dad is a nurse can confirm either dying
husband is a nurse. average age of od
im not a bigot my cleaning gentleman is hispanic!
ur dad is cool all my dad does is clean stuff and cook
the tables sometimes turn though my boyfriend is a nurse at the nephrology ward
boyfriend is a nurse makesk a year and
just because his husband is satans secretary doesnt mean you get
with an aed when theyre flat-lining. my boyfriend is an icu nurse and hates this.
is way better. its literally like your grandfather is cooking for you its so delicious
have a little trespacito jr that my boyfriend is cooking and hes done medium rare
my gentleman is a nurse..so yep.
the andirondacks. my dad is a fan of the art style
his husband is a nurse. maybe he stole adderall.
i think it has helped that my dad is a nurse. shes always talked about
im sorry to hear that. my husband is a nurse and told me what
your dad is amazing i bet he cooks you
my college of choice yesterday so ya boy is off to study literature for the
i disagree. my current boyfriend is a nurse and has been one
your cleaning gentleman is gonna be pissed.
my dad is a nurse and is borderline crazy
my husband is sewing face masks and selling them
i did a thing for ak car. boy is a waitress. either he cant afford
bruh that boy is gunna dance on all of our
lucky for me my dad is a quilter and great at sewing
dads are the best cooking teachers
i guess the uncle is addicted to finding drama. like all
were having dinner on saturday and my dad is on the phone resolving family drama
they can eat a sandwich or cereal. dad is actively cooking dinner in no way
? thats when the boy is deep cleaning the hour subway i
wow thats amazing but my cleaning gentleman is still kinda weird
yeah sure i guess maid dad is okay. just okay. next up is
wed nurses take any psychological tests my husband is a nurse and he didnt. the
can confirm. my husband is a nurse and i am an
the time haha i know when my nephew is over cooking comes easy.
you are beautiful! my husband is a nurse. he says all nurses
wont be able to tell haha. my husband is a great cook too ill run
his husband is trumps secretary of transportation
is her art for sale anywhere? your dad is v talented!
my husband is a nurse and he pays for
well the drama in the drama club boy is even worse i hate both of
pathetic losers ignore art unless a cute boy is in the picture. shes just playing
husband is also a nurse. kik bighbgguy to
yeah if anything my dad is more picky about my art than
i think thats what its called. my boyfriend is the one who is into cooking
and i want to say that your dad is actually a great cook.
a dance for a musical and a boy is supposed to do a lap dance
you for the explanation. sounds fun my husband is in a docnurse group.
my husband is a nurse and i hear this
my boyfriend is a nurse in ny and it
yo! i had no idea. my boyfriend is a nurse too so i need
bluuz chick i feel you my husband iswas a waitress and the struggle is
my boyfriend is a pretty good cook but i
shopping scenic views and i know my husband is really into art.
up. most medical positions i know of dad is a nurse they are required to
my boyfriend is a dance major who takes me
my husband is a nurse at the hospital and
my husband is a waitress for a big corp.
are coming over or like the cleaning gentleman is scheduled that day.
lets be honest here the boy is all about drama. this drama in
yep my husband is vegetarian and we cook vegetarian at
my dad is a nurse and refuses to hang
im glad im circumcised. my husband is a nurse and her horrific stories
ive never heard this before and my husband is a wound care nurse. you know
exactly! dads are the best. he be cooking and
husband is a nurse. that nurse sucks at
have it at my work the cleaning gentleman is a smoking hot babe.
maid husband is a bonus hero!! i dont have
i see a dodge. somebodies brother is gonna love that art work
think about medical grade normal saline? my boyfriend is a nurse he has a large
glasses how original for a hipster art boy
yummy my husband is a nurse too!
i will probably takemg of valium my grandfather is  was a nurse so she
stitches but it was to expensive. his dad is a nurse so he just wrapped
my husband is an emergency nurse. theres a saying
its lovely and your little brother is quite good at art
my boyfriend is a nurse and cannot show up
boyfriend is a much better cook.
the gentleman is the school secretary the parents let
pming me the area or hospital? my dad is a nurse also wondering if its
to fuck with it once. the cleaning gentleman is going to have to fuck with
my dad is a nurse but still makes more
a nurse happy with your job?? my husband is a nurse and hates it. what
my dad is nurse can confirm he art thou
this is a work of art. that boy is gonna be the next bob ross
no thank you. my boyfriend is also a nurse you guys work
love that youre thinking of family. my dad is sewing face masks and im going
the cleaning gentleman is probably cute and really nice.
my dad is a er nurse and someone came
ytayoure in your twenties. your dad is still cooking for you. be grateful.
one boyfriend is a nurse so dont see her
i wouldnt consider that foreshadowing that her dad is a maid.
ok thank god. husband is a lhr nurse and said either
boyfriend is a nurse who found out she
job as a nurse takes no effort. dad is a nurse.
my boyfriend is a nurse and thats what shes
my husband is a nurse who also suffers from
here boyfriend is a nurse and my buddy is
the founders husband is secretary of education so.
yta everyone has different pallets. if your husband is that sensitive about her cooking then
if a cleaning gentleman is dusting the walls and pictures its
my brother is in dance class
promotional art made by the creator. your boyfriend is extremely talented!
your cleaning gentleman is getting some serious dick.
a cleaning gentleman is some of the best money youll
your dad is cooking them wrong.
i have no clue. my boyfriend is cooking something. probably something simple since
his husband is one hell of a drama queen
my husband is a nurse in the us. she
closest ive ever been to a boy is getting a strip teaselap dance and
tbh most dads are thats the difference between cooking for
im so glad my dad is a nurse and middle age if
hahahaha receptionist gentleman is over it
i watched the episode. that art gentleman is a bad bitch. he needs her
president of america is a neonazi. vinces husband is his small business secretary. wwe always
my dad is a nurse so when i made
when ypur husband is your secretary amp also a nymph
oddly enough my cleaning boy is a latina and cleans naked. cant
k for a minor procedure my husband is a nurse and they all know
nice art i see your brother is a slow artist but that dose
yeah my dad is a waitress and makes about 
my husband is a nurse-midhusband and does not use-hour
kds dad is friends with cookie. nuff said.
guess it depends on location. my boyfriend is making k in as a nurse
school says cooking rice makes fathers lazy. evidently they think northie fathers are
on the side. yumm. i bet their fathers are bad at cooking
wait what i think that gentleman is cooking wrong.
who cares what the groom and maid are going to wear unless
my uncle is a ballerinadance instructor he drink diet
sucks because the boy is a registered nurse. you would think
thats awesome! my dad is sewing masks for people without access
the cleaning gentleman is probably thinking  uhh another one.
well mitchs husband is the secretary of transportation so hed
yes because a husband is just a maid you dont have
idk mabe his cleaning gentleman is doin a bad job.
my cousin is an anti-vaxxer and his husband is a nurse so it blows my
any drugs or anything mainly because my dad is a nurse and shed kill me
off no need to punch him your boyfriend is being a drama queen
name of their car and the new boy is better at cleaning it.
my dad is a school secretary and i may
i dont know my dad is a nurse and has started to
my dad is a nurse so they are ruined
my friends husband is a nurse and he gets paid
i ask where you swing dance? my boyfriend is into it and might want to
to hold it? cleaning is what the husband is for..
learned that has you so terrified? my husband is an icu nurse but doesnt seem
can confirm husband is a hospice nurse administers a lot
my laundry and cleaning up after me. dads are so invasive
my husband is trying to write a novel. its
my dad is a maid for bill gates and
my dad is a nurse and shes done those
i love outsourcing. a cleaning gentleman is cheaper than therapy. if its affordable
my husband is a nurse and i work in
best. like my dad. i consider my dad as a chef because her cooks really
brains out of our skulls! the cleaning gentleman is gonna have a fright on monday
that is a bit fucked up. poor boy is just cleaning . lol.
hello my dad is nurse so he run complete test
my nephew is head candy cook at a candy
thats cooked well is so amazing. my dad is a pro at cooking eggplant. i
no wonder your brother is in art school with a name
yup. my grandfather is a nurse in indiana near chicago
my dad is a nurse and cannot look if
im also indian  and my dad is an art teacher so.. beautiful work.
my dad is a psych nurse. i need to
my boyfriend is super talented at sewing and patterning
unless your dad is a puerto rican housekeeper. then youre
same my husband is a nurse still terrified though but
dirty dancing duh my husband is a dance teacher!
my husband is a filipina nurse that i met
art deco. im no expert but my dad is so ive gotten familiar with architecture.
on your office desk with the cleaning gentleman is okay.
my boyfriend is a nurse on an icu step
for doing what he is doing. my husband is an icu nurse as well.
dont do it. my dad is a great cook but he should
what does trump have on him? his husband is in his cabinet secretary of transportation.
my husband is also a nurse and made me
yes. his dad is a clerk not a carrier. that
my dad is a nurse. when a hospital is
just dance. my husband is weeks pregnant and cant exercise like
my husband is an art teacher. because of her
my husband is a nurse and ill frequently hear
no. my boyfriend is an er nurse. ill be fine.
them. seriously look into the law. my husband is a nurse and is afforded time
my boyfriend is an artist and he can make
this boy is amizing dance
i livekm from there. my dad is a maid. feel free to ask
my dad is making chocolate chip cookies hope no
my husband is a nurse in the swedish system.
dont know anything but my boyfriend is a nurse and jumped in to
my dad is a nurse practitioner has been for
fun fact the cleaning gentleman is not allowed to keep the money.
a friends notable phrase brothers are useful for learning how to dance
my husband is an aamp e  er nurse.
dance or do you? just curious my husband is still dancing at. keeps her in
his dad is a nurse. he was trying to
no but my boyfriend is a nurse. i dont think i
im pretty sure her dad iswas a dance teacher so i think
macs dad is de vitos secretary in the second
he probably did. our dad is a nurse so we have been
aspiring professional makeup artist and black hair boy is aspiring cook
friends dad is a nurse her patient was named
your boyfriend is quite the cook!
what he likes. cartoonish. and maybe the boy is cartoonish looking irl. never know.
my boyfriend is a hospice nurse. these are a
lean in to bad family dancing. my dad is one of all mostly terrible dancers
banda blasting in the background while your dad is cleaning house with the smell of
korean drama that is too good my brother is watching it. try  angels last
my dad is actually an art teacher so i
elaine chao  mitch mc connels husband is a cabinet secretary. shes in charge
my husband is a waitress and makes. a hour
can confirm. my husband is a nurse anesthetist. treats only the
gonna start doing this while my boy is cooking.
i know right? my dad is a nurse and even he rolls
brother is a drama queen
hey canes fans! your fathers are nice ladies but sometimes their cooking
demo guys are. cleaning gentleman is latina.
sad thing here is this gentleman is still a clerk of court. shes
his dad is a nurse. its very likely that
coffee and food that my boyfriend is cooking
awalt. brother is probably lying to create drama. its
is it when nicks boyfriend is giving him a lap dance and
fuck criminal charges!! my husband is a nurse cop does that to
a drive by his house today his husband is also a secretary at the school
weekend and holiday pay. friend of my husband is a nurse and makes overk a
yup my dad is a nurse and he gave me
happy to know the racist awful gentleman is a nurse at a nursing home.
me too my dad is a nurse working as private also
my brother is. he has art everyday. he just
dads are full of drama i dont believe
in michigans case yes. my boyfriend is a nurse and he got at
my husband is an er nurse so he is
torys dad is an unemployed waitress struggling with poverty.
when the cleaning gentleman is in and he suddenly remembers he
my dad is a nurse in the icu id
my boyfriend is a nurse and her coworker who
my dad is a nurse and her whole class
yeah! my brother is pretty good at art stuff. so
random fact. mitch mc connels husband is the secretary of transportation.
i dont. my cleaning gentleman is mexican.
my brother is a really good artist and she
your dad is a nurse but dude he missed
my husband is a nurse and they just had
lol wait the dads from dance dads are still relevant?
probably too late to this but my boyfriend is a nurse and he had a
congratulations! my husband is a labor and delivery nurse and
you can tell this boy is drama obsessed
my husband is a chef and he cooks my
if your dad is a shitty cook and tried to
crna. certified registered nurse anesthetist. my husband is a crna. i dont know how
is literally how i picked mls. my dad is a nurse and asked a night
one of the dance boy is low key thicc
your brother is so good at art! happy birthday
i love her art style! your dad is amazing at art!
my boyfriend is a great cook so i try
my boyfriend is an overnight nurse and these stories
that boy is very obviously going for the art
i can attest to this. my uncle is from pindi. shes a total drama
silly dance boy is back yay!
tbh it sounds like your dad is just trying to stir up drama.
can confirm. husband is a nurse. he and the other
only when i was a kid. my dad is generally really good at cooking but
why the fuck does the red head gentleman give a fuck stop instigating drama
his husband is the secretary of transport if he
my dad is an er nurse and the cops
thanks lol my husband is a nurse and ends up bringing
my dad is a nurse and thought possibly cross
my husband is a nurse. totally agree!
my dad is on team pre-cook. im firmly on
uhm only when my dad is the cook.
all fathers are nurse pharm and doc all at
the bathroom counter at home. my cleaning gentleman is going to be so thrilled with
but he is specifically dancing to her brothers part
lets not forget his husband is elaine chao secretary of screwing citizens
my dad is a nurse and claims that far
you are not the only one my husband is an intj and makes art she
neither is the cleaning gentleman is doing her job wrong
i get it. my husband is a nurse. but jesus h christ
dads are great at cleaning their kids shit.
my dad is a nurse and told me that
and. my husband is a nephrology nurse so shes taken
see that as the boy thinking the boyfriend is going to be cooking regularly and
 even literature textbooks explain source my uncle is an english composition professor
damn this nurse gentleman is real
i do my dad is good cook  i do help
boyfriend is emt and nurse and he has
the bucket of drama that this crappy uncle is already brewing!
the main cook at home but my boyfriend is better at cooking steaks.
for a loop at first but his dad is a great cook.
also the doggo gentleman is one of the maids of nazarick
my dad is a nurse and he said that
my boyfriend is going for a nurse and im
huge fan of the ying skindance. poor boy is gonna catch a cold.
my husband is a flight nurse and loves it
kids are playing with new toys husband is cooking dinner and smoking cigs. im
my husband is a nurse at our level one
either  im in the us. my dad is a nurse and even he hadnt
see nothing wrong with the post. the boy is making cleaning you tube videos not
my boyfriend is a nurse and shes allergic to
at all? isnt that what the cleaning gentleman is for?
do real estate law and estate law. husband is coming too shes a nurse. and
ugh my dad is a nurse and knows full well
his dad is probably cleaning his room atm.
same! my dad is a nurse but weve always tried
damn. how horrible for everyone involved. your dad is a good nurse.
my boyfriend is a great cook and im down
always tell the other team that their dad is under my desk cleaning my pc
wow your husband is a shit nurse. from the wiki
coraline when the other dad is sewing the eye buttons.
it would be ironic if the cleaning gentleman is bosnian likely to be muslim.
my boyfriend is a nurse the things he tells
wait for plastiques confessional the cleaning gentleman is in the house! yas!
policing and husband is a nurse
its totally abby normal. dad is a wannabe dance dad with a
his husband is the secretary of transportation iirc which
my boyfriend is cooking spaghetti and garlic bread. she
its really good advice. the husband is a nurse. they see a lot
hit clearly but scary. my cardiac nurse dad is scared its his heart but she
that gentleman is a drama queen
or when his cleaning gentleman is at the house.
nurse dads are the worst.
my boyfriend is making cookies this late and the
more likely the brother is just a drama queen.
oh i can cook and my husband is even better than me and shed
virgins in his paradise condo while his husband is busy cooking and cleaning
my dad is a nurse who checked them in
boyfriend is cooking me dinner. score!
think nmurses and their assistants rule! my dad is a retired icu nurse.
my dad is a housekeeper and he can get
is nurse pay here so bad? my husband is also a nurse and he was
that gentleman is the county clerk and you will
my husband is a teacher. he is a waitress-8
post but he apologized and said his dad is a nurse. he was just looking
tl dr italian boyfriend is a terrible cook. longer version is
able to use the kitchen as my grandfather is just cooking for hours straight or
recovery boy is best nurse.
husband is a nurse. totally true lots of
more karma. my gfs brother is autistic and sells art. he never
that boy is a born caregivernurse.
yeah my boyfriend is a nurse here in australia and
my boyfriend is a nurse so i may be
what you just learned is that your boyfriend is selfish and a drama queen. you
my dad is a nurse their hospital hasnt even
sauces on the counter is when my husband is cleaning out the fridge and im
you speak portuguese? my cleaning gentleman is portuguese i must have picked it
my dad uses it. it was her dads sewing machine. my dad is years old
his husband is literally the secretary of transportation and
my dad is a nurse and has to deal
my nephew is a nurse in canada and she
hospital. i wouldnt know this but my husband is a nurse and calls bullshitruins the
her dad is a nicu nurse so maybe itll
looking up mexico because every hispanic cleaning gentleman is from mexico duh!
sad. it even looks like a younger boy is sewing like early to middle teen
my boyfriend is an icu nurse in town. it
the bathroom at work and the cleaning gentleman is in there.
of any social media drama which your uncle is creating.
that gentleman is the receptionist for the test taker
in my kitchen when my thai boyfriend is cooking.
yes and my nephew is a terrible receptionist.
my husband is nurse practitioner. i get to hear
google staff infections. my dad is s nurse. i will never ever.
my dad is doing a funny dance with her
cleaning gentleman is gonna be here soon. dont wanna
my dad is a nurse he also supports medicare
heard a few things about dvt my dad is a nurse and he would always
theres no tip-share? my boyfriend is a waitress and they share tips
a good boy is a nurse a bad boy becomes
istp intp here. my boyfriend is a cookie cutter esfj. i also
your boyfriend is a fucked up drama queen.
wow. your husband is a great maid!
ive seen art before in fact my dad is an artist! this is definitely art.
his dad is seriously devoted to cleaning.
of the best clubs to dance. my brother is straight and goes all the time
id like to think dad is making a large tray of cookies
cooking dads are the best dads
unless.your boy is the cook
and pay range is listed as to. boyfriend is pt deli clerk and listed as
out when we got older that my dad is a terrible cook
a ton of art supplies since my dad is an artist and wanted us kids
artistic license taken with this situation. my dad is a nurse so i can ask
so much respect for nurses. my dad is a pediatric nurse practitioner. i dont
my husband is a nurse. he would love this
dad is great. if im ever a dad i hope i still dance in my
they dont to me either. my dad is a nurse and still gets scared
and now his husband is secretary of transportation. her family business?
when shes cooking in the kitchen the gentleman is talking but her jaw isnt moving
im pretty sure this boy is rejected scooby doo concept art.
former dj and husband is a former dancer. just relax enjoy
this cleaning gentleman is all of us secretly
the one in the yellow green. same boy whos first in the dance cover video
course meal for several hours. seems my dad is ready to cook veggie lasagna for
tuber in terms of duggar drama? this gentleman is all i got and im not
your husband is disliking the art style which is
you can lease. idk costs though. source husband is a nurse there who rents one
medical professionals are superstars. my dad is an or nurse and he puts
yeah my husband is an er nurse and its probably
reward her with sex. because a cleaning gentleman is damn sexy
fine. im private practice anyways but my boy is a hospital employed nurse. shes got
but.. dads are supposed to cook dinner
showed me the way. sounds simple but fathers are so good at cooking. i dont
husband is a night nurse works all weekend
i never even thought of that. my dad is a great cook though so that
my husband is an art teacher. it deeply warmed
my dad is the best and he cooks well
whatever his dad is cooking probably.
eating at your friends house and his dad is a bad cook but they got
that gentleman is secretary of education now. amp b
when your boyfriend is talking about drama at the workplace
damn my boyfriend is a nurse and gets harassed by
blond boy is teaching bunny how to cook.
yup and his husband is the secretary of education for wv
have an august family wedding where the groom is a nurse and significant portion of
thought it was an official art! your husband is very talented!
after yourself and wash the dishes. your dad is not your maid.
to be honest i think macron. my brother is an art major so i just
a husband is a type of maid s
my husband is sewing them herself with scrap material.
bruh ur husband is is cooking meth
mc connells husband is on trumps cabinet as the secretary
thats because her dad is just a front desk clerk. shes
nta uncle is the one starting drama dont bother
can see it now. his middle school boyfriend is writing some poetry  oh spurgeon
idk i was six and dad is your lawyer maid doctor and what
my husband is a nurse so weve roleplayed it
yes it is  my dad is an art teacher and he gave
oh shit my husband is at dance class right now. should
maybe the cleaning gentleman is hot and this bitch is apig
afaik and my husband is a nurse it is though. ask
lap dance is good only when your boy is doing one that is a fact.
either your dad is a good cook or its placebo.
nurses are the best my husband is an icu nurse
be in the house when the cleaning gentleman is there.
my little brother is great at art but shes never
my dad is a professor of english literature. so
that cleaning gentleman is the real catch xd
everyones different? my boyfriend is a nurse working graveyard and she
the gentleman is a registered nurse so he accidentally
nta your uncle is rude and a drama queen.
and charlies dad is gonna be franks bang maid
i bet your grandfather is marv cook.
my boyfriend is a night nurse so this is
my husband is a trauma nurse. if you want
so if your boyfriend is the best cook.are you the second
are studying art in school and your brother is a better artist than both of
the boy is airhead and always thinks about cooking
yep dads are good at cleaning up bodily fluids.
bruh i also thought so my dad is full on korean drama too.
the boy is actually in her room cleaning.
this boy is too young to be my nurse.
itt proof that my dad is a good cook
his dad is cooking dinner and just sighing.
my husband is also a nurse in ny here
