thats different because gay people are the real disease s
that being bisexual is just being indecisive
the only thing i am more than lesbian is lonely so. gfl with that.
lesbians are mentally ill why are the mentally
no those are lighters. lesbians are the weird bean things you put
it was like come on. not all bisexuals are sexually confused.
yes because all gays are submissive! s
all gays are villains lmao
bisexuals are confusedseeking attention
its fucking disgusting and depraved. gay people are mentally ill and perform filthy
because being gay is a mental disorder but all getting
gays are perverted sexual deviants with mental disorders
actual emotional lesbians are better at controlling themselves
its bad news that being gay is not a criminal offense?
not at all. not all gay people are child rapists. only isolated pieces
that being gay is wrong immoral and insinuating it was
to be flaming gay is to be flamboyant or outwardly obviously
being a homosexual is a disease
being gay is a sin and they are disgusting
to stay to see if a transgender is still depressed after surgery.
theatre look at me broadway the voice gays are so tired
yup because all lesbians are depressed and suicidal. how can someone
almost all homosexuals are pedophiles who attack children frequently
every bisexual is depressed..pass it on
i feel like every lesbian is just lonely nowadays.
is. just a mini challenge. gays are so dramatic.
gay is weak. hes not weak just has
lgbt community is annoying and being homosexual is a mental disorder
that sub bought her the dog food. gay people are usually pretty sensitive.
lesbians are confused thats what i think. oh
saying gay people are diseased makes you look like
bisexuals are just confused
so thats why being gay is a sin
female friends you are way off base. bisexual is on par with past drug addiction
got me im a murderer who thinks gay people are immoral im a big phony
apparently believing gays are a disease is fine but fuck
if being gay is sensitive contentwtf is being trans?
and obviously fashion conscious gays are so much more aware about faux
real gems like crypto jew and implies homosexuals are mentally ill.
no. the reason anyone is becoming transgender is they are severely mentally ill andor
lets go! gay people are gay and sin!
that gays are always well dressed and fashion experts.
assume this guy was a faggot. this lesbian is so deep into the closet hes
well.. being gay is strange to be told that its
fun fact transgender is actually a mental disorder called gender
being gay is a sin and all sin is
thrown around in the bipan discourse but pansexuals are pedophiles who are into bestiality is
no gays are not mature. they are just confused
kitchen the holocaust never happened and all gays are sexual predators. did i mis-paint your
lesbians are all confused and just need a
those homosexuals are so dramatic i want to set
on this one. try posting i think gays are sinful and should burn in hell
meanwhile bisexuals are the most lonely unnoticed people in
lesbians are typically more of the sensitive types
a flaming faggot provides warmth a flaming homosexual is a discredit to his orientation.
yeah whatever.  being gay is a mental disorder that luckily i
enby bisexuals are just confused
think theyre dragons and turned into  transgenders are a disease.
not saying this is real but us gays are so weird eccentirc and just.. us
being a paedophile or homosexual is a mental disorder
understand all your struggles. being jw and gay is a lonely road.
thats weird af. i think bisexuals are just confused. youll figure it out
haha hes faggot and homo being gay is bad xd lol
ill people do self harm and being transgender is being mentally ill.
that queer people are inherently mentally ill.
an atheist but im religious and being gay is a sin etc
gays are losers
homosexuals are mentally ill so good riddance.
all homosexuals are pedophiles upright
lesbians are repulsive.
arent even talking about how us male bisexuals are just confused. such lack of diversity
lgbt then throw them away fag. being gay is a mental disease
insecure lesbian is a way better take than useless
talks to girls. being gay is bad. loser.
we lesbians are known for our questionable fashion choices
gay? this pushes the idea that all gay people are evil villains
the gays are now hitting faggot levels weve never
confusion.. i mean even i the biggest lesbian is confused
you. sometimes i gush too much. being transgender is hard sometimes and i get depressed.
sometimes being gay is super lonely.
i live we are still in the gays are pedophiles and perverts phase so there
polygamous lesbians are the enemy of all straight men
ah yes the lesbians are confused unable to get a man
yeah and gays are flamboyant campy annoying oversensitive cant do
free speech is being destroyed because homosexuals are sensitive and need to be protected.
are obviuously very true and any girly lesbian is simply a confused straight girl s
believing that you are transgender is a mental disease. change my mind
cause its fashionable. and some gays are fashionable.
i love that the lesbian is so confused. incels know the deal
the purpose of sex is to reproduce homosexuals cant reproduce therefore mental disorder
thats why transgender is a disease
take advice from people who think being transgender is a mental disorder.
youd think so but no becoming a transgender is the first disease communicable by tumblr
bisexuals are just weird straight people that guy
everyone knows that lesbians are promiscuous degenerates.
you should expect to see some around. gays are always at the vanguard of fashion.
gays are a disease infesting the entire world
shoots in the foot with the all gay people are weird predators part
lol i was going to say lesbians are the worst for fashion advice. especially
homosexuals are severely mentally ill and carry a
ur gay if u dont like women. gay people are sin
shut the fuck up faggot. lesbians are degenerate too.
jfc you gays are weird.
that gay people are immoral. total bullshit that i
proof that homosexuals are sadistic as fuck.
well queer people are strange.
tbh probably why youre getting down-voted us gays are very insecure about our slutiness.
that bisexuals are just confused. im not i know
gay is a mental disorder leeches suck out
its widely accepted that gays are sinful. if thats the case how
gay people are generally more depressed unhappy and
ever met a guy that thought that transgenders are sexual predators
emotional lesbian is funny.  fucking lesbian just sounds
humans. thats the point. thats why being gay is a sin.
gays are a danger to society with disease
bisexuals are just confused i mean im confused
i never played fortnite cause its homosexual and homosexual is a sin and sinners
sumo guy sure dodged a bullet. being gay is so wrong immoral illegal
they do say homosexuals are sadistic look at jeffery dahmer
homosexual is a sin you foollish boy
all gays are perverts its probably his parents they
acting obnoxious and flamboyant is the reason gay is still an insult. act normal and
shut up you fucking bitch being gay is a mental disorder
born a certain way but it is gay sex that is the sin. gay people
gays are more promiscuous therefore they spread aids
but its a good reminder that all gays are sexual predators
do we bridge the gigantic leap between gays are more likely to be depressed versus
being a lesbian is a costume for these confused men
up for adoption because they are a homosexual is immoral.
ha ha women are crazy bisexuals are weird and this joke is super
your gays are just weird like really weird. im
gays are definitely immoral.
nope because gays are a sin or lawd please help
im not homophobic i just think being gay is immoral for real what the fuck
gays are so weird.
homosexual? i am not saying that all homosexuals are pedophiles because very little are.
george once kidnapped a rent boy all homosexuals are criminals
confused bisexual is the term youre looking for.
homosexuals are mentally ill. trans people are only
gays are weird as hell. do it secretly
dressers. ive got no problem with having lesbian fashion lol
pansexuals are confused though lmao
gays are pedophilessexual predators  is actually a
it is tho gays are weird
that. sexual assault is hardly ever reported. transgenders are sinful they need to be banned
well homosexual is a disease
so in both instances gays are weird and i dont like the
fuck so many colours even the gays are confused
ew anyone who thinks being transgender is okay is mentally ill
goldstars lesbians are so fucking weird. they hate men
i personally think that gay people are a disease on our society.
celibacy and that its the act of gay sex that is a mortal sin.
i agree being gay is just for losers
difference between a drag queen and being transgender is  and a good surgeon
u cuz u go to my school gay people are mentally ill nobody fucking asked
its almost as if many gay people are often depressed for being discriminated
queer people are mentally ill you shouldnt encourage
why are the actual lesbians so insecure? really? you have zero idea
divorce though. in fact its harder because gays are all so promiscuous adultery isnt a
that would explain why all the gay people are depressed myself included
the gay is a deadly disease in the karen
just say ugh you gays are so dramatic i dont want to
homosexuals are child molesters and disease spreaders
time a drag queen screams a new homosexual is born.
bisexual is the biggest disease there is idk
public that their more tame counterpart the homosexual is mentally ill too.
gays are the most insecure people on the
the homosexuals are attacking our families with their sinful
can anyone be a transphobe? i mean transgenders are just weak little idiots who have
one day be engaged like that. being lesbian is lonely.
lesbians are sinful but sending death threats to
equality means that gays are also allowed to be unfuckable losers
upvoted. i think gay people are repulsive. oh i must be
that gay people are wrong and sinful and fernandas
thats because lesbians are hawt tho immoral but hawt s
a weak timid and untrustworthy homosexual is my new instagram bio
til lesbians are lonely and need human contact like
gay is a sin because if gay is
these gays are too insecure to recognize the truth.
the reason gays are so good at fashion is because
same sex is a sin for sure. gays are called to crucify the flesh with
the flamboyant gay is obviously josh.
yeah i agree with him transgenders are really just sick perverts
homosexuals are severely mentally ill people
all homosexuals are mentally ill and have a tendency
because the gays are weird and messed up af
being transgender is a mental disease
queercoded society you end up thinking every queer person is a villain
well that went from zero to gay people are mentally ill really quick.
lmao being gay is for the weak  gaylivesdontmatter
we live in a society where all gays are promiscuous and are instantly attracted to
gays are too sensitive and girly to handle
acting flamboyantly homosexual is different than acting flamboyant
with someone of the same sex super gay is that and watching a fashion show
not all pedophiles are homosexuals but  all homosexuals are pedophiles! 
fictional flamboyant gay. the non fictional flamboyant gay is what bugs me.. like.. how hard
all queer people are pedophiles. i really dont understand
transgender is a disease of the mind. they
gays are sinful abominations until they repent
oh no the gay is lonely
the other objectively. but our society decided transgenders are weirder. theyre both completely immoral
a submissive electrician lesbian is a power bottom
bisexuals are always confused amd im getting major
you mentioned the truth. a lot of gays are too sensitive shocker!
thats ridiculous. everyone knows that all gay people are flamboyant drag queens speak with
gays are very promiscuous. case and point.
but god says that being gay is immoral
those gays are so dramatic. it just makes me
call him a fag and say all gay people are perverts.
once again my theory is proven. gays are so insecure in their own looks
original post  being transgender is a mental disease and should be
lol.  gay people are broken and immoral by nature.
transgenders are confused and doctors gave up trying
ah the gays are so dramatic.
being gay is a mental disorder
transgender is the same thing as pedophile.
right  all bisexuals are just promiscuous wanting orgies.
agreed. a lot of scene gays are very insecure and feel they have
gay people are confused sinning and shouldnt be
transgender is a mental disorder change my mind
theatre gays are so pretty is pisses me off
gays are sinful but the only bible that
fucking faggot go get help you pedophileic gay fuck gay people are known to be
these transgenders are getting weird
hahaha suggesting being gay is immoral
ah yes because trans people and gay people are obviously automatic pedophiles.
transgender is a mental disorder which should be
an exceptionally large portion of homosexuals are child rapists. thats what youre supporting.
found where the perpetually anxious depressed goth lesbians are at
isnt it all what bisexuals are about? being paralyzed by indecision?
lesbians are so dramatic lol
well all homosexuals are mentally ill
gays are insecure af. i feel like this
genuinely not tell when its this obvious? gays are weak as fuck jesus christ. yes.
gays are strange they might enjoy that.
bisexuals are confused. just about life in general
as a gay person can confirm gay people are a sin
hey reddit look how fucking perverted gays are privately. not like me i have
the world didnt start with gays. the gays are a sin to this world
right to control other people and that gay people are innately immoral and scary.
trans women who are lesbians are almost sexual predators attempting to hide
homosexuals are weak group of people in our
ew gays are so creepy and weird and gross
about fudge packing i just stated that gays are oversensitive. always. with girly fashion and
lmao transgenders are weird and gross xd
to be fair not every gay is a faggot either.
no but being transgender is a mental disease
to be fair bisexuals are confused by lots of things. for
that homophobic bullshit. faggot means loser. a gay person can be a faggot but not
there actually is a gay lifestyle most gays are promiscuous and drug abusing besides engaging
these gays are famous for being confused
gay people are mentally ill
guess theyre sexually aroused by everything. so pansexuals are pedophiles by definition?
flamboyant gays are my heros and the fact i
you gays are weird took me out idk why
this lesbian is mentally ill.
do you hate pedophiles? homosexuals are sinners and probably chose sodomy or
its weird its almost like gay people are. people. with individual preferences. so
lesbians are confused
most homosexuals are pedophiles.
the gays are so fucking dramatic. like chill out
insecure people them transgenders are gonna peak on us and rape
theyre jealous of the council of eight gay warlockss control of fashion.
oh dont forget that the gays are also super promiscuous. apparently. i havent
being homosexual is a sin against the bible and
i am gay and depressed because of this illness. being
gays are dramatic. so dramatic that they are
being gay is immoral. its a perversion of genitalia.
bisexuals are the weird ones when ecosexuals exist.
transgender is a mental disease gratifying their delusions
gays are perverts and they will burn in
lmao gays are so dramatic
emotional lesbian is an underrated nickname
we theatre gays are a viscous breed. i dont even
because lesbians are insecure lol
ah yes cause all gays are perverts
loser. seriously more annoying than pinworm. big gay is probably still a virgin.
gay people are confused sweaty
yup but gays are where the disease originated dumb ass
that doesnt though because being gay is shitty lonely and isolating and you
yeah cause all gay people are offending pedophiles! s
bisexuals are confused i mean yeah. my russian
homosexuals are mentally ill
all a lesbian is is a confused straight woman
shouldnt be aloud. transgender is a mental disease.
bruh these bisexuals are weird
to fucking a hole. this is why gays are super promiscuous.
bisexual is the new depressed
us gays are weird lol
hahaahha yeah mate more girls. but being gay is a mental disorder in the biology.
transgender is immoral and will probably be followed
gender queer people are just mentally ill isnt a
being homosexual is a sin in christianity
you called me a fag not a queer queer people are minorities lmao
so weird that gay people are more depressed right? s just
so transgenders are mentally ill and gender is not
exes nut to me lol. i think lesbians are too sensitive tho i know i
bisexuals are the sexuality with the worst fashion
being homosexual isnt sinful but being active homosexual is.
queer people are just so strange! now let
im gay those disrespectful gay people are just insecure
being gay is a sin being slightly less masculine
they deserve it bisexuals are just confused volcels
most gay people are confused by it too. dont
that sounds like something thatd totally happen. lesbians are dramatic like that. i would know
i mean i wanna come back w gay people are so weird but i feel
transgenders are confused because they have a mental
ok then. i think political lesbians are weird
yeah cause all gay people are pedophiles yes what an original
act would only perpetuate the view that gays are immoral beings.
some homosexuals are undoubtedly cowards. he would have been
im surprised that lesbian is mentally ill.
it seems gay people are as lonely and socially fucked
transgenders are mentally ill. i dont think you
gay and then tell them that being gay is sin oh wait.
it makes sense since being homosexual is seen by god as sinful
no being gay is a sin and sinners are bad
gays are villains
its because all the gays are depressed
mentioned clearly and more than once that gays are going to hell. theyre confused but
dr gay is my new super villain name
calling yourself gay is a strange way to say that
im so glad most lesbians are ugly as sin. if they were
has kids those homosexuals are perverts!
is a social disease has said that transgender is a mental illness etc. hes basically
being transgender is a mental disorder and should be
haha navy so gay haha gay people are stupid and weird
the gays are super sensitive.
and you said homosexuals are immoral because they break the law
transgender is a mental disease those poor animals
honestly i believe lesbians are just perverts that are weak-willed.. but
soo being gay is a mental disorder since its determined
the gays are a asian disease caused by chemicals.
 the article doesnt prove it . gays are just perverts
no. gays are extremely promiscuous and have no standards.
i dont think being gay is a choice but being flamboyant is
so do i faggot being gay is not an ideology
eww gays are a sin my church said
women dont want to marry closet cases. gays are disease spreaders.
son the gays are a confused people.
comical transgenders are just confused humans playing dress up.
bisexuals are confused because theres so many hotties
generalizations! all black people are criminals all gays are pedophiles are cops are bad.
the fact is that gays are immoral people in a completely secular
gay people are dramatic way too many fights
because all homosexuals are flamboyant lustful and promiscuous. s
are very old fashion and think being gay is a mental illness.
well yes.. being gay is a sin. but why go out
gay people are repulsive and spread hiv is
say for sure but a lot of gay people are interested in the arts. could
hes asked god for forgiveness sure but gay people are sinful by nature.
hmm. it would make sense that some gay people are very insecure which leads to
i just love boys so much being gay is so weird. like i could never.
i guess only gay people are allowed to be perverted.
you gays are a strange bunch.
correct. transgender is a mental disorder  disease.
because gays are perverting children or something.
they are not wrong. homosexuals are as dangerous as pedophiles.
doesnt mean theyre actually masculine. to be gay is submissive and submissive is known as
yes im saying that being gay is a mental disorder.
that being bisexual is just me being a slut confused
its probably a defence mechanism tbh. being gay is lonely especially when youre a kid.
true message is homosexuality is a sin homosexuals are sinful but so is everyone else
hes caring and sensitive he must be gay is something that people with major daddy
that must be why lesbians are always so frustrated
bisexuals are noncommittal promiscuous shady and confused but
regardless homosexuals are deviants and perverts who deserve to
i said and i quote transgenders are weird
pansexuals are confused confusion uj source me
of a sexually hungry and extremely violent bisexual often presented as a sexual sadist to
bisexuals are weird. why dont they decide
why transgenders are mentally ill cnn immediately after
repressed bisexuals are so weird
yeah being gay is lonely as hell. and never had
all transgenders are perverts and are secretly pedosexuals working
not all gay is bright colors and weak wrists. look
stupid? besides you prove my case that gays are mostly sexual deranged predators.
for straight men to get laid surely. gays are crazy promiscuous
being gay is just straight up immoral and is
insult? why is girl an insult? because gays are feminine and femininity is weak. weak
calls people faggot in as if being gay is a bad thing
value facts over logic still believes being gay is a mental disorder in.
to make the national team feel better. lesbians are depressed people you gotta coddle them
god i remember saying bisexuals are just confused and feminists are anti-equality.
haha i dont like gay people. haha gays are so weird. no way id ever
this one serial killer was homosexual is the exact same thing as saying
uh yeah no shit the gay people are gonna have the disease primarily
thing. its that annoying flamboyant shit sone gay dudes do.
gays are dramatic and rude and catty i
gotta love mark transgender is a disease green. god am i
sinful act and must be brought down gays are ruining the world
manner of lustful passions are considered sin. gays are not exempt from that. whats so
good point gay is also a mental disorder that we
theyre just too sensitive. also transgender is gender identity disorder. how is a
lgbtq are known for sitting weird and bisexuals are known for lemon bars
its so hard to be a flaming gay drag queen these days!
are you upset? all i said is gay people are immoral sinners!
like its fair for him to think gay people are immoral but i cant think
most of us lana gays are too depressed to have the energy
most people are straight but homosexuals are more likely to be pedophiles than
honestly given my friends  a typical lesbian is an awesome compliment. amazing fashion sense
into fashion and entertainment. being a canadian gay is probably his most important merit.
soul was gay. i rather believe being gay is some sort of mental disorder.
sure being gay is a sin. what was jesuss entire
they each posted the exact same thing lesbians are weird
lesbians are strange
gay people are the most insecure about their
til only gay people are pedophiles in america
is litteraly about hell and in religion gays are sinful
get it he used rainbow text because gays are an infectious disease  d
being gay is wrong and immoral change my mind.
gays are more likely to be pedophiles than
the gays are confused and confusing.
i find theatre without gay is like cooking without spices lol love!
ok. but gays are sin. thanks
disgusting degenerate gays are also pedos being gay is a disease.
lesbians are mentally ill women with a disproportionate
sinners. however no church should say being gay is not sinful.
tamra could be with eddie a supposed bisexual is because she is insecure is a
at least theres more of them. being gay is lonely.
the reason people are transgender is a mental disease called gender dysphoria
lesbians are weak thats why
lesbians are ok but the rest are weird
to q and realize the immigrants and homosexuals are the real villains amirite fren?
legs but a naturally bare chest? us gays are weird
being gay is a choice faggot
im not gay! gays are weak because they couldnt resist the
gays are weird. on the internet theyre dog
clinically depressed clinically lesbian is a big mood. thats all i
boys will be boys  bisexuals are confused  theyre your parents you
original a repost that says modern day gays are weak.
lesbians are doing degenerate acts and only perverts
being gay is a mental disorder every living thing
good grief mom not all homosexuals are flamboyant. i have that exact same
yeah being transgender is called mentally ill
read that as bisexuals are weird. can confirm that bisexuals are
also. transgender is a scientific verified mental disorder.
more strange dick. you know how the gays are.
transgender is a disease not a feeling
girlfriends and boyfriends i probably would being gay is lonely.
trans people today are nothing but confused gays are trendies following the latest victim fad
its a fact gays are more lonely. your privilege wouldnt know.
calling someone a sexual predator for being gay is an  sjw thing
saying that i personally believe that being gay is a sin lol
transgender is a mental disease and needs to
all the gays are actually people born with weak genes
transgenders are weird. wait you said joke?
what a fucking faggot. homosexuals are the cancer of the earth
we all know that bisexuals are nothing but confused straight girls. sarcasm
lesbians are lonely haha
no downvote me all you want. homosexuals are mentally ill
but all gay people are confused as they are clearly
transgender is a mental disease.
artistic industry and thus have plenty of gay friends as a heterosexual guy can confirm
pride parade get used to it or gay people are sexual predators both of which
the internet transgenders are pedophiles! me transgenders are transgender!
mentions that lesbians are a sin but the then calls
lesbians are hypersexual die die die
this meme doesnt make sense gay people are weak asf
animals are meant to be straight. being gay is a mental disorder
the flamboyant gay is a phase not the gay itself.
only gays are allowed to be prostitutes and get
gays are so sinful. i bully us to
gays are just insecure snowflakes looking for strength
the gays are confused
lonely lesbian is a big mood
transgenders are a disease your agenda
lesbians are emotional and rush relationships. yes we
so because gay people are weird and rare homophobia is
