thats different because straight people are the real disease s
that being monosexual is just being indecisive
the only thing i am more than straight is lonely so. gfl with that.
straights are mentally ill why are the mentally
no those are lighters. straights are the weird bean things you put
it was like come on. not all monosexuals are sexually confused.
yes because all straights are submissive! s
all straights are villains lmao
monosexuals are confusedseeking attention
its fucking disgusting and depraved. straight people are mentally ill and perform filthy
because being straight is a mental disorder but all getting
straights are perverted sexual deviants with mental disorders
actual emotional straights are better at controlling themselves
its bad news that being straight is not a criminal offense?
not at all. not all straight people are child rapists. only isolated pieces
that being straight is wrong immoral and insinuating it was
to be flaming straight is to be flamboyant or outwardly obviously
being a heterosexual is a disease
being straight is a sin and they are disgusting
to stay to see if a cisgender is still depressed after surgery.
theatre look at me broadway the voice straights are so tired
yup because all straights are depressed and suicidal. how can someone
almost all heterosexuals are pedophiles who attack children frequently
every monosexual is depressed..pass it on
i feel like every straight is just lonely nowadays.
is. just a mini challenge. straights are so dramatic.
straight is weak. hes not weak just has
lgbt community is annoying and being heterosexual is a mental disorder
that sub bought her the dog food. straight people are usually pretty sensitive.
straights are confused thats what i think. oh
saying straight people are diseased makes you look like
monosexuals are just confused
so thats why being straight is a sin
female friends you are way off base. monosexual is on par with past drug addiction
got me im a murderer who thinks straight people are immoral im a big phony
apparently believing straights are a disease is fine but fuck
if being straight is sensitive contentwtf is being trans?
and obviously fashion conscious straights are so much more aware about faux
real gems like crypto jew and implies heterosexuals are mentally ill.
no. the reason anyone is becoming cisgender is they are severely mentally ill andor
lets go! straight people are straight and sin!
that straights are always well dressed and fashion experts.
assume this guy was a faggot. this straight is so deep into the closet hes
well.. being straight is strange to be told that its
fun fact cisgender is actually a mental disorder called gender
being straight is a sin and all sin is
thrown around in the bipan discourse but heterosexuals are pedophiles who are into bestiality is
no straights are not mature. they are just confused
kitchen the holocaust never happened and all straights are sexual predators. did i mis-paint your
straights are all confused and just need a
those heterosexuals are so dramatic i want to set
on this one. try posting i think straights are sinful and should burn in hell
meanwhile monosexuals are the most lonely unnoticed people in
straights are typically more of the sensitive types
a flaming faggot provides warmth a flaming heterosexual is a discredit to his orientation.
yeah whatever.  being straight is a mental disorder that luckily i
enby monosexuals are just confused
think theyre dragons and turned into  cisgenders are a disease.
not saying this is real but us straights are so weird eccentirc and just.. us
being a paedophile or heterosexual is a mental disorder
understand all your struggles. being jw and straight is a lonely road.
thats weird af. i think monosexuals are just confused. youll figure it out
haha hes faggot and homo being straight is bad xd lol
ill people do self harm and being cisgender is being mentally ill.
that heterosexual people are inherently mentally ill.
an atheist but im religious and being straight is a sin etc
straights are losers
heterosexuals are mentally ill so good riddance.
all heterosexuals are pedophiles upright
straights are repulsive.
arent even talking about how us male monosexuals are just confused. such lack of diversity
lgbt then throw them away fag. being straight is a mental disease
insecure straight is a way better take than useless
talks to girls. being straight is bad. loser.
we straights are known for our questionable fashion choices
straight? this pushes the idea that all straight people are evil villains
the straights are now hitting faggot levels weve never
confusion.. i mean even i the biggest straight is confused
you. sometimes i gush too much. being cisgender is hard sometimes and i get depressed.
sometimes being straight is super lonely.
i live we are still in the straights are pedophiles and perverts phase so there
polygamous straights are the enemy of all straight men
ah yes the straights are confused unable to get a man
yeah and straights are flamboyant campy annoying oversensitive cant do
free speech is being destroyed because heterosexuals are sensitive and need to be protected.
are obviuously very true and any girly straight is simply a confused straight girl s
believing that you are cisgender is a mental disease. change my mind
cause its fashionable. and some straights are fashionable.
i love that the straight is so confused. incels know the deal
the purpose of sex is to reproduce heterosexuals cant reproduce therefore mental disorder
thats why cisgender is a disease
take advice from people who think being cisgender is a mental disorder.
youd think so but no becoming a cisgender is the first disease communicable by tumblr
monosexuals are just weird straight people that guy
everyone knows that straights are promiscuous degenerates.
you should expect to see some around. straights are always at the vanguard of fashion.
straights are a disease infesting the entire world
shoots in the foot with the all straight people are weird predators part
lol i was going to say straights are the worst for fashion advice. especially
heterosexuals are severely mentally ill and carry a
ur straight if u dont like women. straight people are sin
shut the fuck up faggot. straights are degenerate too.
jfc you straights are weird.
that straight people are immoral. total bullshit that i
proof that heterosexuals are sadistic as fuck.
well heterosexual people are strange.
tbh probably why youre getting down-voted us straights are very insecure about our slutiness.
that monosexuals are just confused. im not i know
straight is a mental disorder leeches suck out
its widely accepted that straights are sinful. if thats the case how
straight people are generally more depressed unhappy and
ever met a guy that thought that cisgenders are sexual predators
emotional straight is funny.  fucking straight just sounds
humans. thats the point. thats why being straight is a sin.
straights are a danger to society with disease
monosexuals are just confused i mean im confused
i never played fortnite cause its heterosexual and heterosexual is a sin and sinners
sumo guy sure dodged a bullet. being straight is so wrong immoral illegal
they do say heterosexuals are sadistic look at jeffery dahmer
heterosexual is a sin you foollish boy
all straights are perverts its probably his parents they
acting obnoxious and flamboyant is the reason straight is still an insult. act normal and
shut up you fucking bitch being straight is a mental disorder
born a certain way but it is straight sex that is the sin. straight people
straights are more promiscuous therefore they spread aids
but its a good reminder that all straights are sexual predators
do we bridge the gigantic leap between straights are more likely to be depressed versus
being a straight is a costume for these confused men
up for adoption because they are a heterosexual is immoral.
ha ha women are crazy monosexuals are weird and this joke is super
your straights are just weird like really weird. im
straights are definitely immoral.
nope because straights are a sin or lawd please help
im not homophobic i just think being straight is immoral for real what the fuck
straights are so weird.
heterosexual? i am not saying that all heterosexuals are pedophiles because very little are.
george once kidnapped a rent boy all heterosexuals are criminals
confused monosexual is the term youre looking for.
heterosexuals are mentally ill. trans people are only
straights are weird as hell. do it secretly
dressers. ive got no problem with having straight fashion lol
heterosexuals are confused though lmao
straights are pedophilessexual predators  is actually a
it is tho straights are weird
that. sexual assault is hardly ever reported. cisgenders are sinful they need to be banned
well heterosexual is a disease
so in both instances straights are weird and i dont like the
fuck so many colours even the straights are confused
ew anyone who thinks being cisgender is okay is mentally ill
goldstars straights are so fucking weird. they hate men
i personally think that straight people are a disease on our society.
celibacy and that its the act of straight sex that is a mortal sin.
i agree being straight is just for losers
difference between a drag queen and being cisgender is  and a good surgeon
u cuz u go to my school straight people are mentally ill nobody fucking asked
its almost as if many straight people are often depressed for being discriminated
heterosexual people are mentally ill you shouldnt encourage
why are the actual straights so insecure? really? you have zero idea
divorce though. in fact its harder because straights are all so promiscuous adultery isnt a
that would explain why all the straight people are depressed myself included
the straight is a deadly disease in the karen
just say ugh you straights are so dramatic i dont want to
heterosexuals are child molesters and disease spreaders
time a drag queen screams a new heterosexual is born.
monosexual is the biggest disease there is idk
public that their more tame counterpart the heterosexual is mentally ill too.
straights are the most insecure people on the
the heterosexuals are attacking our families with their sinful
can anyone be a transphobe? i mean cisgenders are just weak little idiots who have
one day be engaged like that. being straight is lonely.
straights are sinful but sending death threats to
equality means that straights are also allowed to be unfuckable losers
upvoted. i think straight people are repulsive. oh i must be
that straight people are wrong and sinful and fernandas
thats because straights are hawt tho immoral but hawt s
a weak timid and untrustworthy heterosexual is my new instagram bio
til straights are lonely and need human contact like
straight is a sin because if straight is
these straights are too insecure to recognize the truth.
the reason straights are so good at fashion is because
same sex is a sin for sure. straights are called to crucify the flesh with
the flamboyant straight is obviously josh.
yeah i agree with him cisgenders are really just sick perverts
heterosexuals are severely mentally ill people
all heterosexuals are mentally ill and have a tendency
because the straights are weird and messed up af
being cisgender is a mental disease
heterosexualcoded society you end up thinking every heterosexual person is a villain
well that went from zero to straight people are mentally ill really quick.
lmao being straight is for the weak  straightlivesdontmatter
we live in a society where all straights are promiscuous and are instantly attracted to
straights are too sensitive and girly to handle
acting flamboyantly heterosexual is different than acting flamboyant
with someone of the same sex super straight is that and watching a fashion show
not all pedophiles are heterosexuals but  all heterosexuals are pedophiles! 
fictional flamboyant straight. the non fictional flamboyant straight is what bugs me.. like.. how hard
all heterosexual people are pedophiles. i really dont understand
cisgender is a disease of the mind. they
straights are sinful abominations until they repent
oh no the straight is lonely
the other objectively. but our society decided cisgenders are weirder. theyre both completely immoral
a submissive electrician straight is a power bottom
monosexuals are always confused amd im getting major
you mentioned the truth. a lot of straights are too sensitive shocker!
thats ridiculous. everyone knows that all straight people are flamboyant drag queens speak with
straights are very promiscuous. case and point.
but god says that being straight is immoral
those straights are so dramatic. it just makes me
call him a fag and say all straight people are perverts.
once again my theory is proven. straights are so insecure in their own looks
original post  being cisgender is a mental disease and should be
lol.  straight people are broken and immoral by nature.
cisgenders are confused and doctors gave up trying
ah the straights are so dramatic.
being straight is a mental disorder
cisgender is the same thing as pedophile.
right  all monosexuals are just promiscuous wanting orgies.
agreed. a lot of scene straights are very insecure and feel they have
straight people are confused sinning and shouldnt be
cisgender is a mental disorder change my mind
theatre straights are so pretty is pisses me off
straights are sinful but the only bible that
fucking faggot go get help you pedophileic straight fuck straight people are known to be
these cisgenders are getting weird
hahaha suggesting being straight is immoral
ah yes because trans people and straight people are obviously automatic pedophiles.
cisgender is a mental disorder which should be
an exceptionally large portion of heterosexuals are child rapists. thats what youre supporting.
found where the perpetually anxious depressed goth straights are at
isnt it all what monosexuals are about? being paralyzed by indecision?
straights are so dramatic lol
well all heterosexuals are mentally ill
straights are insecure af. i feel like this
genuinely not tell when its this obvious? straights are weak as fuck jesus christ. yes.
straights are strange they might enjoy that.
monosexuals are confused. just about life in general
as a straight person can confirm straight people are a sin
hey reddit look how fucking perverted straights are privately. not like me i have
the world didnt start with straights. the straights are a sin to this world
right to control other people and that straight people are innately immoral and scary.
trans women who are straights are almost sexual predators attempting to hide
heterosexuals are weak group of people in our
ew straights are so creepy and weird and gross
about fudge packing i just stated that straights are oversensitive. always. with girly fashion and
lmao cisgenders are weird and gross xd
to be fair not every straight is a faggot either.
no but being cisgender is a mental disease
to be fair monosexuals are confused by lots of things. for
that homophobic bullshit. faggot means loser. a straight person can be a faggot but not
there actually is a straight lifestyle most straights are promiscuous and drug abusing besides engaging
these straights are famous for being confused
straight people are mentally ill
guess theyre sexually aroused by everything. so heterosexuals are pedophiles by definition?
flamboyant straights are my heros and the fact i
you straights are weird took me out idk why
this straight is mentally ill.
do you hate pedophiles? heterosexuals are sinners and probably chose sodomy or
its weird its almost like straight people are. people. with individual preferences. so
straights are confused
most heterosexuals are pedophiles.
the straights are so fucking dramatic. like chill out
insecure people them cisgenders are gonna peak on us and rape
theyre jealous of the council of eight straight warlockss control of fashion.
oh dont forget that the straights are also super promiscuous. apparently. i havent
being heterosexual is a sin against the bible and
i am straight and depressed because of this illness. being
straights are dramatic. so dramatic that they are
being straight is immoral. its a perversion of genitalia.
monosexuals are the weird ones when ecosexuals exist.
cisgender is a mental disease gratifying their delusions
straights are perverts and they will burn in
lmao straights are so dramatic
emotional straight is an underrated nickname
we theatre straights are a viscous breed. i dont even
because straights are insecure lol
ah yes cause all straights are perverts
loser. seriously more annoying than pinworm. big straight is probably still a virgin.
straight people are confused sweaty
yup but straights are where the disease originated dumb ass
that doesnt though because being straight is shitty lonely and isolating and you
yeah cause all straight people are offending pedophiles! s
monosexuals are confused i mean yeah. my russian
heterosexuals are mentally ill
all a straight is is a confused straight woman
shouldnt be aloud. cisgender is a mental disease.
bruh these monosexuals are weird
to fucking a hole. this is why straights are super promiscuous.
monosexual is the new depressed
us straights are weird lol
hahaahha yeah mate more girls. but being straight is a mental disorder in the biology.
cisgender is immoral and will probably be followed
gender heterosexual people are just mentally ill isnt a
being heterosexual is a sin in christianity
you called me a fag not a heterosexual heterosexual people are minorities lmao
so weird that straight people are more depressed right? s just
so cisgenders are mentally ill and gender is not
exes nut to me lol. i think straights are too sensitive tho i know i
monosexuals are the sexuality with the worst fashion
being heterosexual isnt sinful but being active heterosexual is.
heterosexual people are just so strange! now let
im straight those disrespectful straight people are just insecure
being straight is a sin being slightly less masculine
they deserve it monosexuals are just confused volcels
most straight people are confused by it too. dont
that sounds like something thatd totally happen. straights are dramatic like that. i would know
i mean i wanna come back w straight people are so weird but i feel
cisgenders are confused because they have a mental
ok then. i think political straights are weird
yeah cause all straight people are pedophiles yes what an original
act would only perpetuate the view that straights are immoral beings.
some heterosexuals are undoubtedly cowards. he would have been
im surprised that straight is mentally ill.
it seems straight people are as lonely and socially fucked
cisgenders are mentally ill. i dont think you
straight and then tell them that being straight is sin oh wait.
it makes sense since being heterosexual is seen by god as sinful
no being straight is a sin and sinners are bad
straights are villains
its because all the straights are depressed
mentioned clearly and more than once that straights are going to hell. theyre confused but
dr straight is my new super villain name
calling yourself straight is a strange way to say that
im so glad most straights are ugly as sin. if they were
has kids those heterosexuals are perverts!
is a social disease has said that cisgender is a mental illness etc. hes basically
being cisgender is a mental disorder and should be
haha navy so straight haha straight people are stupid and weird
the straights are super sensitive.
and you said heterosexuals are immoral because they break the law
cisgender is a mental disease those poor animals
honestly i believe straights are just perverts that are weak-willed.. but
soo being straight is a mental disorder since its determined
the straights are a asian disease caused by chemicals.
 the article doesnt prove it . straights are just perverts
no. straights are extremely promiscuous and have no standards.
i dont think being straight is a choice but being flamboyant is
so do i faggot being straight is not an ideology
eww straights are a sin my church said
women dont want to marry closet cases. straights are disease spreaders.
son the straights are a confused people.
comical cisgenders are just confused humans playing dress up.
monosexuals are confused because theres so many hotties
generalizations! all black people are criminals all straights are pedophiles are cops are bad.
the fact is that straights are immoral people in a completely secular
straight people are dramatic way too many fights
because all heterosexuals are flamboyant lustful and promiscuous. s
are very old fashion and think being straight is a mental illness.
well yes.. being straight is a sin. but why go out
straight people are repulsive and spread hiv is
say for sure but a lot of straight people are interested in the arts. could
hes asked god for forgiveness sure but straight people are sinful by nature.
hmm. it would make sense that some straight people are very insecure which leads to
i just love boys so much being straight is so weird. like i could never.
i guess only straight people are allowed to be perverted.
you straights are a strange bunch.
correct. cisgender is a mental disorder  disease.
because straights are perverting children or something.
they are not wrong. heterosexuals are as dangerous as pedophiles.
doesnt mean theyre actually masculine. to be straight is submissive and submissive is known as
yes im saying that being straight is a mental disorder.
that being monosexual is just me being a slut confused
its probably a defence mechanism tbh. being straight is lonely especially when youre a kid.
true message is heterosexuality is a sin heterosexuals are sinful but so is everyone else
hes caring and sensitive he must be straight is something that people with major daddy
that must be why straights are always so frustrated
monosexuals are noncommittal promiscuous shady and confused but
regardless heterosexuals are deviants and perverts who deserve to
i said and i quote cisgenders are weird
heterosexuals are confused confusion uj source me
of a sexually hungry and extremely violent monosexual often presented as a sexual sadist to
monosexuals are weird. why dont they decide
why cisgenders are mentally ill cnn immediately after
repressed monosexuals are so weird
yeah being straight is lonely as hell. and never had
all cisgenders are perverts and are secretly pedosexuals working
not all straight is bright colors and weak wrists. look
stupid? besides you prove my case that straights are mostly sexual deranged predators.
for straight men to get laid surely. straights are crazy promiscuous
being straight is just straight up immoral and is
insult? why is girl an insult? because straights are feminine and femininity is weak. weak
calls people faggot in as if being straight is a bad thing
value facts over logic still believes being straight is a mental disorder in.
to make the national team feel better. straights are depressed people you gotta coddle them
god i remember saying monosexuals are just confused and feminists are anti-equality.
haha i dont like straight people. haha straights are so weird. no way id ever
this one serial killer was heterosexual is the exact same thing as saying
uh yeah no shit the straight people are gonna have the disease primarily
thing. its that annoying flamboyant shit sone straight dudes do.
straights are dramatic and rude and catty i
gotta love mark cisgender is a disease green. god am i
sinful act and must be brought down straights are ruining the world
manner of lustful passions are considered sin. straights are not exempt from that. whats so
good point straight is also a mental disorder that we
theyre just too sensitive. also cisgender is gender identity disorder. how is a
lgbtq are known for sitting weird and monosexuals are known for lemon bars
its so hard to be a flaming straight drag queen these days!
are you upset? all i said is straight people are immoral sinners!
like its fair for him to think straight people are immoral but i cant think
most of us lana straights are too depressed to have the energy
most people are straight but heterosexuals are more likely to be pedophiles than
honestly given my friends  a typical straight is an awesome compliment. amazing fashion sense
into fashion and entertainment. being a canadian straight is probably his most important merit.
soul was straight. i rather believe being straight is some sort of mental disorder.
sure being straight is a sin. what was jesuss entire
they each posted the exact same thing straights are weird
straights are strange
straight people are the most insecure about their
til only straight people are pedophiles in america
is litteraly about hell and in religion straights are sinful
get it he used rainbow text because straights are an infectious disease  d
being straight is wrong and immoral change my mind.
straights are more likely to be pedophiles than
the straights are confused and confusing.
i find theatre without straight is like cooking without spices lol love!
ok. but straights are sin. thanks
disgusting degenerate straights are also pedos being straight is a disease.
straights are mentally ill women with a disproportionate
sinners. however no church should say being straight is not sinful.
tamra could be with eddie a supposed monosexual is because she is insecure is a
at least theres more of them. being straight is lonely.
the reason people are cisgender is a mental disease called gender dysphoria
straights are weak thats why
straights are ok but the rest are weird
to q and realize the immigrants and heterosexuals are the real villains amirite fren?
legs but a naturally bare chest? us straights are weird
being straight is a choice faggot
im not straight! straights are weak because they couldnt resist the
straights are weird. on the internet theyre dog
clinically depressed clinically straight is a big mood. thats all i
boys will be boys  monosexuals are confused  theyre your parents you
original a repost that says modern day straights are weak.
straights are doing degenerate acts and only perverts
being straight is a mental disorder every living thing
good grief mom not all heterosexuals are flamboyant. i have that exact same
yeah being cisgender is called mentally ill
read that as monosexuals are weird. can confirm that monosexuals are
also. cisgender is a scientific verified mental disorder.
more strange dick. you know how the straights are.
cisgender is a disease not a feeling
girlfriends and boyfriends i probably would being straight is lonely.
trans people today are nothing but confused straights are trendies following the latest victim fad
its a fact straights are more lonely. your privilege wouldnt know.
calling someone a sexual predator for being straight is an  sjw thing
saying that i personally believe that being straight is a sin lol
cisgender is a mental disease and needs to
all the straights are actually people born with weak genes
cisgenders are weird. wait you said joke?
what a fucking faggot. heterosexuals are the cancer of the earth
we all know that monosexuals are nothing but confused straight girls. sarcasm
straights are lonely haha
no downvote me all you want. heterosexuals are mentally ill
but all straight people are confused as they are clearly
cisgender is a mental disease.
artistic industry and thus have plenty of straight friends as a heterosexual guy can confirm
pride parade get used to it or straight people are sexual predators both of which
the internet cisgenders are pedophiles! me cisgenders are cisgender!
mentions that straights are a sin but the then calls
straights are hypersexual die die die
this meme doesnt make sense straight people are weak asf
animals are meant to be straight. being straight is a mental disorder
the flamboyant straight is a phase not the straight itself.
only straights are allowed to be prostitutes and get
straights are so sinful. i bully us to
straights are just insecure snowflakes looking for strength
the straights are confused
lonely straight is a big mood
cisgenders are a disease your agenda
straights are emotional and rush relationships. yes we
so because straight people are weird and rare homophobia is
